President Trump held a press conference
yesterday a lot of people saw this he
got in a heated back-and-forth with Jim
Acosta of CNN and that's bad cost Jim
Acosta his press pass for real he's not
allowed in the White House anymore not
only did they suspend his credential
they claim Acosta accosted a female
intern while she was trying to take the
microphone from him this is the alleged
incident from yesterday
are you worried that's enough that's one
of the other folks that said no ma'am
that's enough okay not only did me a
Koster he said pardon me ma'am well
that's where the Huckabee s machine
comes in sarahott to be Sanders tweeted
she tweeted a doctored video clip that
they believe is from Infowars which is a
website for the mentally unbalanced in
which they sped up Jim Acosta's hand
movement to make it look more violent
and the part where he says pardon me
ma'am they cut the audio out they
altered this video and we'll take a look
here and you see like they've sped up
his hand and the White House press
secretary tweeted this video she wrote
President Trump believes in a free press
and expects and welcomes tough questions
of him and his administration we will
however never tolerate a reporter
placing his hands on a young woman just
trying to do her job as a White House
intern now Jim Acosta clearly never
touched that White House intern that's
just a lie and I think this also might
be the first time I've seen Sarah
Sanders take the woman's side on any
subject
baby scoff but she should be forced to
resign for that if he/she intentionally
disseminated doctored video footage to
discredit a reputable journalist she's
the White House press secretary she
should be fired for that she should be
fired and Sara Harvey Sanders should be
fired and sent to live in a jo-ann's
fabric store for all she's not the only
one yeah Kelly and Condon we then went
to work spreading her I was like I
mentioned a vampire's name and everyone
she had she'd shared some of her fakest
indignation to date it crosses a line
you don't put your hands on a woman I
think we all had to hear that recently
in some other context and I'm not sure
that he's apologized to that young woman
but she certainly is owed one oh no she
is not it is so ridiculous or PSA's
mouth and with that said please welcome
Kelly Anne Conway who's joining us from
Washington DC Thank You Kelly Kelly
thanks for having me Jerry what did you
say I'm sorry thanks for having me Jerry
oh it's Jimmy it's not Jerry but Jimmy
Kimel but thank you for joining us
if I wanted a lecture Jerry I go to a
Todd talk I think it's a TED talk
actually Kellyanne but and it's Jimmy
also but listen Jerry it's one thing to
fight me on every name but I'd
appreciate it if you could at least not
stoop to personal attacks there was no
personal attack I just I just I fact I
haven't said anything I just wanted to
ask you about this false allegation
you've made against Jimmy get your damn
hands off me Jerry wait a minute it's
not Jerry it's Jimmy and I didn't touch
you there's a satellite interview how
could I even do that I have no idea why
don't you ask your friend George sorro's
yeah I don't even I don't know George
Soros and I did nothing at all to you
you can lie all you want but the video
doesn't roll the tape guys
[Applause]
that's
that's hulk hogan fighting the iron
sheik that's not us at least someone
besides the president is fighting
Islamic extremism attacked me I do not
attack you roll the other tape the other
tape oh my goodness
now that's a YouTube clip I've seen that
clip it's a kid hidden as a golf ball
off of his dad's face no that was you
hitting me in the face with a golf club
and Jim Acosta cheering you on Jimbo
these are authentic videos published on
a mixed martial arts subreddit Oh
pulling your press pass to you puppet
beater oh I don't have a press pass to
pie oh never mind all right Thank You
Kelly egg
that's Kelly and Carly if you like that
video click Subscribe and we'll be
together until one of us dies